Update Vale rules with outcomes from the 2024-02-08 Style roundtable meeting (#473)
grafana/writers-toolkit: docs/sources/write/style-guide/word-list/index.md

This page is a work in progress.
{{< /admonition >}}

<!-- vale Grafana.Headings = NO -->
<!-- vale Grafana.Spelling = NO -->
<!-- vale Grafana.WordList = NO -->

## A

### alert rule

Grafana Alerting uses the term _alert rule_ to describe the Grafana feature that includes both [Grafana-managed alert rules](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/alerting/fundamentals/alert-rules/alert-rule-types/#grafana-managed-alert-rules) and [Data source-managed alert rules](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/alerting/fundamentals/alert-rules/alert-rule-types/#data-source-managed-alert-rules).
For more information, refer to [Alert rules](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/alerting/fundamentals/alert-rules/).

{{< admonition type="caution" >}}

> You mustn't confuse this with an [_alerting rule_ ](#alerting-rule).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't confuse this with an [_alerting rule_ ](#alerting-rule).
```

Would it be better to go with a more well known phrase? Mustn't isn't commonly used these days in American English.

Author: Yeah that works for me, I always default to https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2119.txt words but when contracted _don't_ makes as much sense and for me evokes the same meaning.

{{< /admonition >}}

### alerting rule

An _alerting rule_ is a Prometheus concept reused in Grafana Mimir.
For more information refer to [Alerting Rules](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/alerting_rules/).

{{< admonition type="caution" >}}

> You mustn't confuse this with an [_alert rule_ ](#alert-rule).

Reviewer: Same comment here regarding using `mustn't`

> You mustn't confuse this with an [_alert rule_ ](#alert-rule).

Author: ```suggestion
Don't confuse this with an [_alert rule_ ](#alert-rule).
```

Also, use _data source plugin_ rather than _data-source plugin_.

While most compound adjectives require a hyphen, it's left out in this case to maintain consistency with the naming of data sources in the application and reduce confusion.

{{< admonition type="note" >}}
For other compound adjectives, use a hyphen unless otherwise specified.
{{< /admonition >}}

### dialog box

<!-- vale Grafana.DialogBox = NO -->

Use this rather than _modal_ or _dialog_.

> This guidance intentionally differs from Google style guide advice which prefers just [_dialog_](https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#dialog) because _dialog box_ is a user friendly term that's easy to understand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guidance intentionally differs from Google style guide advice, which prefers just [_dialog_](https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#dialog) because _dialog box_ is a user-friendly term that's easy to understand.
```
